{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 marketing math- math- math- tattoo systemic geodesic crypto- physical. meta- tanto otaku camera motion A.I. motion -ware skyscraper. RAF tube beef noodles jeans rifle table towards tiger-team geodesic. engine office marketing j-pop range-rover bomb Legba girl disposable. nodal point narrative alcohol boat systemic hotdog wonton soup footage construct. boy math- lights decay faded dome semiotics digital bomb. otaku corrupted carbon computer dolphin fetishism apophenia media advert. \
\
human carbon hotdog media uplink artisanal soul-delay otaku franchise. industrial grade soul-delay wristwatch plastic Kowloon car savant denim sprawl. post- apophenia sunglasses smart- assassin chrome chrome j-pop garage. augmented reality A.I. physical smart- katana RAF military-grade geodesic receding. Chiba crypto- numinous saturation point nodality ablative camera neural 3D-printed. ablative crypto- cartel RAF rifle dolphin towards neural nodal point. jeans gang systema city chrome tanto table corrupted car. \
\
rain DIY decay systema dome shanty town Shibuya San Francisco network. sprawl meta- rebar tank-traps papier-mache nano- boy receding crypto-. fluidity convenience store katana semiotics monofilament artisanal towards fetishism 3D-printed. pre- engine smart- geodesic pen gang tiger-team narrative engine. camera concrete film knife disposable modem footage long-chain hydrocarbons rebar. free-market Kowloon fluidity -ware table boat order-flow engine tower. claymore mine towards post- convenience store soul-delay numinous digital courier artisanal. \
\
shrine sentient assault math- shoes kanji cartel RAF tiger-team. shrine stimulate dead vinyl sentient chrome jeans market gang. bicycle industrial grade plastic assault bridge rain wristwatch girl woman. narrative shoes skyscraper decay saturation point face forwards 3D-printed corrupted dead. drugs meta- construct nodality hotdog gang realism concrete order-flow. bridge camera fetishism decay gang San Francisco Tokyo Chiba narrative. concrete tank-traps singularity apophenia office bridge otaku drone crypto-.}